Ampleforth Governance Token (FORTH) Answers

1. Rebases
2. AMPL and FORTH
3. DeFi building block

Universal Market Access (UMA) Answers

1. Derivatives
2. Liquidators and disputers
3. All of these answers are correct!

Numeraire (NMR) Answers

1. A global community of data scientists
2. To back up predictions and earn rewards
3. Nothing

NuCypher (NU) Answers

1. End-to-end encryption
2. Independent nodes to perform tasks
3. Paying Ethereum transaction fees

The Graph (GRT) Answers

1. The bitcoin network
2. GRT Tokens
3. Curators

CELO (CGLD) Answers

1. By making crypto accessible on mobile phones
2. Staking, governance
3. Using the Valora mobile app

Compound (COMP) Answers

1. Earn interest on crypto
2. Supply crypto asset as collateral
3. COMP token holders
.
Stellar Lumens (XLM) Answers

1. A decentralized protocol that unites the world’s financial infrastructure.
2. Facilitating low-cost, universal payments.
3. Transactions are fast, inexpensive, and global.
4. To issue and exchange tokens quickly.
5. It relies on a cooperation of trusted nodes.

Filecoin (FIL) Answers

1. A decentralized marketplace for data storage and retrieval.
2. Proof of replication and proof of spacetime.
3. By its location

Band Protocol (BAND) Answers

1. Real World Data
2. Oracles
3. Earn crypto rewards

Algorand (ALGO) Answers

1. By being scalable, secure, and decentralized
2. A randomly selected ALGO token
3. Algorand Standard Asset (ASA)

MKR (MKR) Answers

1. MKR and DAI
2. MKR holders
3. A crypto wallet and crypto collateral

Kyber Network (KNC) Answers

1. Exchange one Ethereum token for another
2. Ethereum
3. Liquidity

Orchid (OXT) Answers

1. A peer to peer privacy wallet.
2. Orchid’s Ethereum token, OXT, as well as the Orchid app and a Web3 wallet.
3. Multihop configurations between bandwidth providers. 
.
Tezos (XTZ) Answers

1. Formal Verification.
2. A decent computer, an internet connection and 1 roll of Tez (8,000 XTZ)
3. Formal Governance

Dai (DAI) Answers

1. A decentralized stablecoin that aims to be worth one US dollar
2. Decentralized and borderless
3. Open a CDP with Maker

EOS (EOS) Answers

1. A blockchain protocol for fast, scalable applications
2. Delegated proof of stake
3. Fast, free transfers
4. Stake EOS tokens
5. Upgradeable smart contracts

Zcash (ZEC) Answers

1. A privacy protecting crypto
2. It keeps your financial info safe so it can not be sold
3. Through a cryptographic breakthrough known as zero-knowledge proof

Basic Attention Token (BAT) Answers

1. There are too many ads and data trackers
2. It is free, open source web browser built for privacy
3. Users get paid BAT for viewing opt-in ads, and publishers get rewarded when users pay attention to their content

0x (ZRX) Answers

1. To create a tokenized world, through friction less, peer-to-peer exchange of tokens
2. A new way to trade tokens and cryptocurrencies with other people.
3. It can be used to pay relayer fees and and participate in protocol upgrades in the future 
Max — 05/21/2021
Polygon

Answers:
1. What blockchain is Polygon helping to scale?
- Ethereum

2. Who runs the Polygon network?
- Polygon Validators

3. What is Polygon building?
- An internet of blockchains on Ethereum
